*** Each line below is a new segment of transcript recorded here every 30 second interval***
That's one of the most important audio speakers. Let's see who it is. teelo teelo you know I get a pimple Thank you very much for being here for this wholeえば. and puts the dice in its mouth. Okay, so let's go. Let's go when I go to the gear altar. 
But don't worry, he's there again. 
ah Hello, this is... When Javi from in like We would like to consult you about your... So, 3, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6. 
Hahahahaha So, what is out? Okay, I'll repeat Dale, pretty much. like to consult you about your Microsoft 3 years. 
Don't worry about that, I was just talking to- Bye friend. 
c Anyway, give me all your money! Just give me my money! 
Just just just just just Just give me my- 甘い! It's the lightest TikTok trend. Give me my slides, right? 
Give me my show, I show. In the بدder 7 advantage means it is going to get better and better So, uh, nice. 
uh... we're gonna need to connect our 
Heh heh heh Basically, we're gonna need to download an app that lets me connect to your computer. BEAUTIES IN THE FORERDS. My name is 
Microsoft And I'm here. It's a subscription. Hi, this is Rajate. Stupid department. 
Oh It W freight Yeah, pop out and that's like really یپ gradualی LacON bad. No offense. 
Yeah, I don't know what happened there. My link. I'd speak like 125 languages. So, can you tell me the number on the back of your car? Give me the number of the back of your card. I'll be able to hide. 
Now I'm the one help. with your computer, not the other way around. You're the person who I called Donc on m'a âgé, on m'a âgé. 
I'm Roger, it's pretty obvious, isn't it? I know your exact location. 425654. 
Oh my hate to them, yeah. No, it's okay, you can serve. 
Just, just, just, just, just, just, just, just carry my foot. Just just give me my Fortnite. Alright, I'm hanging up now. We're done. First night was good, second night was terrible. We are done! We are done. We are done mate. Don't call this number again. 
